docs: Add `Expr` library developer page (#7359)
apache/arrow-datafusion: docs/source/library-user-guide/adding-udfs.md

| Scalar    | A function that takes a row of data and returns a single value.                                            | [simple_udf.rs](../../../datafusion-examples/examples/simple_udf.rs)   |
| Window    | A function that takes a row of data and returns a single value, but also has access to the rows around it. | [simple_udwf.rs](../../../datafusion-examples/examples/simple_udwf.rs) |
| Aggregate | A function that takes a group of rows and returns a single value.                                          | [simple_udaf.rs](../../../datafusion-examples/examples/simple_udaf.rs) |

First we'll talk about adding an Scalar UDF end-to-end, then we'll talk about the differences between the different types of UDFs.

## Adding a Scalar UDF

A Scalar UDF is a function that takes a row of data and returns a single value. For example, this function takes a single i64 and returns a single i64 with 1 added to it:

```rust
use std::sync::Arc;

use arrow::array::{ArrayRef, Int64Array};
use datafusion::common::Result;

use datafusion::common::cast::as_int32_array;

pub fn add_one(args: &[ArrayRef]) -> Result<ArrayRef> {

>     let i64s = as_int32_array(&args[0])?;

Reviewer: I think this coverts to `Int32` rather than `Int64` -- so perhaps for consistency it should be

```suggestion
    let i64s = as_int64_array(&args[0])?;
```

    Arc::new(DataType::Int64),
    Volatility::Immutable,
    make_scalar_function(add_one),
);
```

A few things to note:

- The first argument is the name of the function. This is the name that will be used in SQL queries.
- The second argument is a vector of `DataType`s. This is the list of argument types that the function accepts. I.e. in this case, the function accepts a single `Int64` argument.
- The third argument is the return type of the function. I.e. in this case, the function returns an `Int64`.
- The fourth argument is the volatility of the function. This is an enum with three options: `Immutable`, `Stable`, and `Volatile`. This is used to determine if the function can be cached in some situations. In this case, the function is `Immutable` because it always returns the same value for the same input. A random number generator would be `Volatile` because it returns a different value for the same input.
- The fifth argument is the function implementation. This is the function that we defined above.

That gives us a `ScalarUDF` that we can register with the `SessionContext`:

```rust
let mut ctx = SessionContext::new();

ctx.register_udf(udf);
```

> At this point, the following could is expected to work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, you can use the `add_one` function in your query:
```

```rust
let sql = "SELECT add_one(1)";

let df = ctx.sql(&sql).await.unwrap();
```

## Adding a Window UDF

Scalar UDFs are functions that take a row of data and return a single value. Window UDFs are similar, but they also have access to the rows around them. Access to the the proximal rows is helpful, but adds some complexity to the implementation.

> Body coming soon.

Reviewer: 👍 -- I think it is fine to leave placeholder text here while we work on it
